happy 21 months of knowing each other, kayce! i know you might feel familiar and a little nostalgic with this website, and this would be my surprise for you this 21st month. it's been long since we've known each other, no? i'm happy, kayce, i'm truly in awe of knowing it has been 1 year and 9 months. we've constantly celebrated the 7th of each month, each in their own way, and i'm glad this tradition has been alive. i remember you told me how much you loved this website and how nostalgic it is to you, so i wanted to bring it back, i didn't change much of the design since i wanted to keep the sentiment of it—maybe that's for next time, winky face. 

however, something changed in this website, and you must be listening to it now. the song playing is yellow by coldplay since recently, it's been reminding me of you. it's actually odd how i got here since i could have chosen 100 million other songs (hyperbole) yet it played in my spotify as i was just randomly playing music, and all of it reminded me of you. whenever i think of the word yellow, i remember 3 14 and your birthday last year as the moon turned yellow for you that day. i guess i'm sorry for being the instrument the universe chose to make you see 314 once again today. going back, i know i'm just yapping, talking about things i love about you and what i remember, and you might think it's repetitive and all and you're bored, but respectfully, i don't care. i'd rather have you be bombarded of my grateful messages than absolute nothing, but of course i don't recycle the same format again and again, i at least change the whole prospect and say something new. (wow rez & kez, palakpakan). anyway, i remember the song yellow by coldplay as i was randomly playing songs in spotify and when it played, everything seemed different, i had this intense of feeling of you. i first just thought of your birthday, and the way you love "yellow" colored lights, but it felt deeper than that. quite frankly, kayce, i want you to know you make me happy, and you give me hope. you're so yellow coded that i forgot yellow means joy and was first reminded by you with yellow, maybe because you are my happiness. 

i'm not saying this because you're my lover, or i feel obligated to, or it's a chore, or i want to flatter you (or maybe i do want to flatter you), but it really is just me telling you all of these things from the bottom of my heart, and i hope you see that in this message. i want you to know that you make me feel happy—and graciously elated. recently, we've been playing roblox a lot this summer, doing specific things at night, and calling. kez has been so happy recently that we've been able to spend these summer together, especially rewatching 2521. despite me being at episode 2 only, but i know i'll watch a lot of episodes tomorrow for my rest. and i hope tomorrow, we'll get to play lots of roblox and call :>>. besides the things we've done online, knowing it has been 21 months also remind me of the time when we didn't know each other, to the time we got close, and through times we wanted to hug each other online but we couldn't, and now look kayce—we've hugged each other a lot of times na to the point that my body has memorized every curve of your body. i'm really happy and the past me feel so accomplished that i finally get to hug you. to more days and months of meeting, roblox, and calls, kayce!

in this month of celebrating each month of knowing each other, it just so happened that this month is the start of our summer break. so i also wish we get to make the most out of it together in any way we can. once again, summer kayce & rez are here to spend each day together, without losing our individuality ofc :>>. i know it's been like i've only been mentioning the past us, but i know that wasn't the peak of our relationship. beacause i know our love is like crypto, and a heartbeat. it would have its up and downs, it would have its excitement, loneliness, arguments, repair, but the most important thing is we keep going. and every version of me wishes we keep in touch and connected, kayce. i love you so much, as kez, as rez, and most of all, as a person who gets to witness your world as your bestest friend :))

hey kayce, this is me right now, 7 pm, april 7, 2026. adding another part of paragraph here. i just feel really guilty and sad we're arguing once again, in reality i don't want us to keep arguing, and i notice we do even in the petty things. i just wish we understand each other more and look at each other's point of view. baby, i really plead that you stop pushing me away and embrace me for once. i am so sorry for being sensitive most of the time, i know you just want to show a bit of lightheartedness through sarcastic sentiments, and at times i get sad and soft about them, i hope you know i'm not asking you to change yourself or feel guilty about what you did, it's mostly that i just want you to know it felt uncomfy for me. but of course our love language is also humor, and i do notice i've been sensitive for the past few weeks, i'll man up and take those better. it's not an inconvience for me. but more than these apology, i just wish you're no longer always pushing me away when i yearn for us to communicate, i just wish you remember that we have to team up and communicate, since we both want more security in this relationship. that's all i want to say. please don't think a burden or you have to learn and change a lot of things, that's truly exhausting, kayce. i just want us to be there for each other :((. that's all i wish for. i love you so much, and i hope you can forgive me, and we forgive each other na, sincerely, without any rushes. :((
